Finished codepen: https://codepen.io/EDroz2891/pen/NWrjQzW?editors=1100


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that is easy to understand and organized efficiently. 
    2. What is HTML used for? The language of the web. It is used as the container or "body" that structures a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute controls the behavior of an element. We put attributes inside of opening/closing tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? the h1 tag is used for the biggest font on the page. It should only be used once as the main title of a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: two tags that have required attributes are, "img, and "select".
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? CSS links, title, other metadata such as the language, etc.
    7. What is an id? An id is a unique identifier of an element, can only apply to one element. Different elements require unique id's.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All HTML elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once, per element.
    10. What is a class? A class, is similar to an element, but it can be used more than once, meaning one class can apply to many elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? No limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It is used for adding words to an image should the image not appear, for accessibility. 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The difference between a section and a div is that div's can divide smaller portions of a section, whereas sections refer to a group of data on a page.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling webpages, such as colors, fonts, etc.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2 {}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: The difference between a class and an ID is, if you are going to use a style for example for multiple elements, make it a class, but if you are going to reference a style for only one element, use an ID.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector will select all elements that are a direct child of a specific element. It is useful when you need to select all elements that are a parent and a direct child. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? ???
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Specifies the state of an element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase, lowercase, and Capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, no recycling bin, gone forever.
    34. Why should I use version control? To go back to previous working versions if need be.
    35. How often should I commit to github? When making a imactful change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1. fork, 2. clone, 3. cd to repo name, 4. create a branch (git checkout -b "branch-name"), 5. git add . to add changes ready to commit, 6. git commit -m "to add a message", 7. git push -u origin branch-name, will commit changes from pc to cloud, 8. pull request, 9. make sure pull is on your branch 10. make sure its on your forked project, then submit the pull request. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 